hey guys check this out this is a
classic example of not being able to
last long enough during sex all right it
occurs when the chick is extremely hot
when you're making it with a really
good-looking woman you can easily get
overexcited very quickly I mean come on
we've all seen extremely hot women on
the street and sometimes there's so
good-looking you feel as if you could
explode right then they're just from the
site of a hot chick so in the bedroom
with a hot naked chick it can be
extremely hard to hold on and not blow
too early so here's what you do and it
works every time once you feel that
ejaculation coming on when you with that
really hot chick I think about integrity
image now specifically think about the
image of the comedian spirit time just
pop his image in your mind for just a
few seconds and guaranteed
your sexual excitement will be
temporarily downgraded and you won't
ejaculate too quickly now obviously you
don't want to think about carrot top in
your head for too long or else you'll
lose your erection but just a few
seconds of that horrid image in your
head will prevent premature ejaculation
and you'll be able to last much much
longer now if you don't want to think
about carrot top during sex go to last
long routine calm ok there they have a
technique which will work tonight work
right away and you'll be able to last
and least 10 minutes long you won't have
to think about kereta now check it out
last long routine calm